Documentation/new gifs (#1377)
provectus/kafka-ui: README.md

UI for Apache Kafka is a simple tool that makes your data flows observable, helps find and troubleshoot issues faster and deliver optimal performance. Its lightweight dashboard makes it easy to track key metrics of your Kafka clusters - Brokers, Topics, Partitions, Production, and Consumption. 

Set up UI for Apache Kafka with just a couple of easy commands to visualize your Kafka data in a comprehensible way. You can run the tool locally or in the cloud. 

> ![UI for Apache Kafka interface dashboard screenshot](images/apache-kafka-ui-interface-dashboard.png)

Reviewer: We can delete the image which was previously used here

# The Interface
UI for Apache Kafka wraps major functions of Apache Kafka with an intuitive user interface.

## Topics
UI for Apache Kafka makes it easy for you to create topics in your browser by several clicks, 
pasting your own parameters, and viewing topics in the list.

![Create Topic](images/Create_topic_kafka-ui.gif)

> It's possible to jump from connectors view to corresponding topics and from a topic to consumers (back and forth) for more convenient navigation.```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's possible to jump from connectors view to corresponding topics and from a topic to consumers (back and forth) for more convenient navigation.
```

> For more comfortable work you can navigate from connectors to consumers through their topics, ability to read and write to all of the topics used by the 

Reviewer: I'd suggest something like that:
```suggestion
It's possible to jump from connectors view to corresponding topics and from a topic to consumers (back and forth) for more convenient navigation.```

connectors, overview topic`s settings. 

![Connector_Topic_Consumer](images/Connector_Topic_Consumer.gif)

### Messages
Let's say we want to produce messages for our topic. With the UI for Apache Kafka we can send or write data/messages to the Kafka topics without effort by specifying parameters, and viewing messages in the list.

![Produce Message](images/Create_message_kafka-ui.gif)

## Schema registry
There are 3 supported types of schemas: Avro®, JSON Schema, and Protobuf schemas.

![Create Schema Registry](images/Create_schema.gif)

Before sending avro messages to the topic, you have to register avro schema for the topic to the schema registry. Now all these steps are easy to do 
with a few clicks in a user-friendly interface.

![Avro Schema Topic](images/Schema_Topic.gif)

# Getting Started

To run UI for Apache Kafka, you can use a pre-built Docker image or build it locally.  

## Configuration

> We have plenty of [docker-compose files](guides/yaml-description.md) as examples. Please check them out in ``docker`` directory.

Reviewer: The second sentence is no more needed since we're pointing to a file which contains all the links for the compose files.
```suggestion
We have plenty of [docker-compose files](guides/yaml-description.md) as examples. They're built for various configuration stacks.
```
